This is a frontend personal project built. The project follows modern frontend development best practices, ensuring high performance, responsive design, and a smooth user experience.

## 🚀 Live Demo

**Hosted on Vercel:** Live URL https://single-page-website-navy.vercel.app/

## 📌 Features

Built with Next.js for optimized performance.

Responsive Tailwind CSS styling for seamless scaling.

Optimized images and assets for better Core Web Vitals scores

Includes Email & WhatsApp CTA for direct customer contact

Accessible and SEO-friendly design

## 🛠 Tech Stack

**Frontend:** Next.js, React

**CMA:** Contentful

**Styling:** Tailwind CSS

**Deployment:** Vercel

## 🏗 Project Setup

1️⃣ Clone the Repository

```
git clone https://github.com/RachanSaini/single-page-website.git
cd <repo-folder>
```

2️⃣ Install Dependencies

```
npm install 
```

3️⃣ Run Locally

```
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

## 🚀 Deployment on Vercel

Install Vercel CLI (if not already installed):

```
npm i -g vercel
```

Run the following command in the project folder:

```
vercel
```

Follow the CLI instructions to deploy your project.

## 📊 Performance Optimizations

This project implements several optimizations to ensure high performance:

Image Optimization: Uses Next.js Image component for automatic optimization.

Link Optimization: Uses Next.js LINK component for automatic otimization.

Lazy Loading: Defers loading of images and assets to improve initial load time by using priority.

CSS & JavaScript Optimization: Uses modern techniques to ensure smaller bundle sizes.

Responsive Design: Ensures smooth scaling across different devices.

Multiple Pages can be generated by duplicating the structure.

Landing Page is the main point of contact of the content model. It acts as a central hub for all the components of the landing page. This makes it easier to manage and organize the overall structure of the page.

Content can be easily swaped out different Hero, Feature Grid, or CTA sections by changing the references in the model.

## Future Work

Services: 
    1. Feature cards being clickage to a new Service page.
    2. Navbar containing Services dropdown of each feature i.e Service.
    3. Slug already exists in the Content model for future use.

Gallery: A Gallery Page to show some of the work.

Landing Page: Landing Page can also act as a single source for getting data via contentful entries call to Landing Page Content model only.